[Fix #13309] Fix false negative with `Lint/UselessAssignment` when an useless assignment exists followed by a block (#13389)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_false_negative_for_useless_assignment.md

> * [#13309](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/13309): Fix and spec false negative for `Lint/UselessAssignment` cop when there is an useless assignment followed by a block. ([@pCosta99][])

Reviewer: Can you update it to the following text?

```suggestion
* [#13309](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/13309): Fix an incorrect autocorrect for `Lint/NonAtomicFileOperation` when using a postfix `unless` for file existence checks before creating a file, in cases with `Dir.mkdir`. ([@pCosta99][])
```

> * [#13309](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/13309): Fix and spec false negative for `Lint/UselessAssignment` cop when there is an useless assignment followed by a block. ([@pCosta99][])

Reviewer: Can you update it to the following text?

```suggestion
* [#13309](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/13309): Fix a false negative for `Lint/UselessAssignment` cop when there is a useless assignment followed by a block. ([@pCosta99][])
```

Author: Done! :+1:
